Cli 1.6 docs follow-up (#1289)
astronomer/docs: astro/cli/release-notes.md

### Bug fixes 

> - Fixed an issue where the Astro CLI generated incorrect URLs for accessing Deployments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the Astro CLI generated incorrect URLs for the Deployment dashboard
```
